My Tamagotchi App is a game that allows you to raise a pet dog with the name of your choice. The users’ responsibility is to clean the dog, play with the dog and feed the dog. In the creation and coding of this application, for the user interface I uploaded an Image View of which is a picture the dog the user will be raising. All the constraints of this of the Image View were connected. At the top there is a Text View message welcoming the user to the Application to make the application more user friendly. The user interface also consists of a play button of which the user has to press in order to start playing. After pressing the play button the user will be met with a picture of the dog. This picture will react according to which button the user chooses to press. The following buttons will be available: Feed, Clean, Play. The user pressing the Feed button will change the dogs’ status to not hungry. Should the user press the clean button, the dogs’ status will change to it having bathed already and lastly if the user presses the play button the dogs status will change to happy. The following buttons were coded and named according to their functions in the application. The setOnClickListener function was used in order for the buttons to work with the addition of multiple pictures.  The pictures of the dog doing different activities were added through drawables and progress bars were added to reflect the change in what the dog feels or wants to do next. This application is most applicable to minors as it is a game and would rather be entertaining for minors rather than adults. This application upholds the opportunity and possibility of teaching minors on how to treat pets or helping minors discover themselves in an animal friendly world whether they could fall in love with a pet or not. This application forms not only as a fun application to use but also very informative in terms of how to treat and raise pets or dogs. This application can help minors be more friendly and commonly grounded with how to treat animals or dogs in the future. The Tamagotchi app should be regarded as very powerful tool as it fulfils many purposes to any users that may be interested in the application, dogs or pets in general! 
